# INFO 340 Wi23 Project - Group 7

This repository contains code for an interactive information web app, created for the _Client-Side Web Development_ course at the UW iSchool.

App Description:

Trail hiking is an excellent way to get exercise and spend time in nature throughout the year. There are a few different apps that all supply trail maps, but none of them focus on user input to leave reviews or rate the difficulty of the hikes. This makes it challenging to know the difficulty of a hike when going to a new area beyond a vague easy/medium/hard rating given by the site. Our goal is to make an app that both holds and supplies trail maps but also allows for users to rate and review the trails in order to help the next people hike there. AllTrails, the current frontrunner, only has trail maps as its main focus. Although it technically has a way for users to rate trails and leave reviews, the feature acts as more of an add-on instead of a primary function, and it would need a lot of reworking in order to reach its full potential. In addition, it does not provide users with information on ways to train for more difficult hikes. While using it, we realized these were significant problems and decided to attempt to solve them through our own user-input focused web app.

Novice hikers may find this app extremely beneficial with getting tips from expert hikers about properly training for hikes, learning about safe trail conditions, and exploring the diverse trails in their area. On the other hand, more experienced hikers may use this app to coach newer hikers and provide them with personal advice about everything there is to know about hiking, while also using the same features to learn from other experts. One of the key interactive features of this app is the ability to filter the kinds of hikes users are interested in. Users can filter by hike length, difficulty, location, and name. The second interactive feature is the ability for users to review certain hikes they completed by leaving comments under it; users can also interact with each other and provide advice about how to train for certain hikes. More detailed training information is also provided on the training page.